is coming up with digital marketing
strategies hard for you well then you
can just use mine hey everyone i'm neil
patel and today i want you to watch me
build a marketing strategy in 10 minutes
for a completely random business
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
so before i start recording this video
my team went through a lot of comments
we asked people we sent out an email
and we sent out some social posts asking
people hey come with a random business
and we're going to come up with a
business strategy for you now i haven't
seen a lot of this i just know that the
business is a dentistry or cosmetic
dentistry business in orlando florida
florida is a state within the united
states orlando is a city within them
let's now build a marketing strategy and
i'm gonna break down the steps step one
check keyword ideas within uber says
within that region so i'll go into
ubersuggest or uberset.com i'll type in
a keyword like cosmetic dentistry or
dentistry and i'll do it within not just
the united states but i would then
change it to uh orlando florida because
that's where this business is based
and then you'll see a list of keywords
go to the keyword ideas report and uber
said us and this gets me into step two
create a selection of keywords around
cosmetic dentistry maybe they'll be
keywords around implants maybe they'll
be about veneers maybe it'll be about
teeth cleaning the list can go on and on
so click all the keywords and download a
list of all the ones that are related to
your business and the services that you
offer
step three
analyze one of the top ranked websites
for the keyword so let's say one of the
keywords is cosmetic dentistry in
orlando florida i would google for that
term
and i would look at all the top pages
the top 10 to see what they're doing
now one of the pages that ended up
ranking was dynamic small design slash
cosmetic dentistry.html
so i would go in there look at that page
and that page has h tags right those are
heading tabs what are all the topics
that they
created around cosmetic dentistry and i
would want to use them then i'll look at
the user intent which is to get a
dentist or hire a dentist or you know go
to somewhere and get the service they
also have a form for contact information
that's super important so that way you
can get leads they also have a request
my appointment button and the header
which is cool because then a person if
they're looking to schedule appointment
they can get it done really easy they
can either call which is the next thing
they have a phone number or they can
just do it themselves if they're on the
go and they don't want to call you
that's amazing user experience
step four instead of having one page
about cosmetic dentistry we're going to
have pages related to it plus all the
subtopics so subtopics could be teeth
whitening dental implants porcelain
veneers invisalign
dentures
smile makeover cosmetic bonding
by doing this you're creating what's
called topic clusters you're covering
all the topics related to the category
and then google's like hey neil's going
super in-depth he's going super thorough
we should rank him higher than someone
else who just skims the surface because
neil is more likely to solve the issues
for the customer or the searcher step
five
optimize google my business you can get
so much revenue from a good my business
if you're a local business like this one
so you want to fill out all the details
in google my business including your
keywords and your description you want
to make sure you have a great landing
page for people to click through to the
website you want to make sure you have
the best shots that are possible
of your facility maybe even do before
and after pictures if your customers or
clients will allow it even pictures of
your team if they allow it and you want
to attract reviews the more reviews you
have the better off you are and really a
big thing is not just having pictures of
your location but
pictures of the results like if i was a
restaurant i would have pictures of the
food and people eating and laughing
right and breaking down how they're
having amazing conversations and enjoy
being in that place
step number six paid ads everyone talks
about organic or paid
it's not one's better than other you
want to do everything that provides
produces results if it makes you money
do it
and you want to put together an offer so
what is the lowest investment high value
offer that you can end up creating
you also want to target age groups in
your local area if you know that your
customers are 60 for
denture implants versus you know 30 year
olds wanting teeth whining you know who
to target for different ad types and you
want to test the different offers for
different groups within your region so
that way you can see what's working
better what's profitable what's not and
that's your marketing strategy in under
10 minutes if you need my company to
create one for you check out np digital
if you have any comments or questions
leave a comment below i'll answer it i'm
here to help you out my team is as well
if you enjoy the video like it share it
tell the people about it